if you've really been watching this
channel for a long time then you know I
am one of these people who experiences
lucid dreaming and I try to demystify
lucid dreaming a bit there's nothing
Supernatural about it there's nothing
for incidental about it but when I dream
I'm aware that I'm having a dream with
few exceptions once in a while I have a
dream which I'm not aware is a dream
most of the time and one of the ways
I've used that time productively in the
past is by having dialogues having
discussions sounds about philosophical
themes most often about whatever I'm
studying and I'm aware it's a dream so
I'm aware it's really just having a
dialogue with myself so many years ago
when I was really into studying
philosophy I can't remember having
dialogues about the philosophy that
happened to be studying at the time of
my dream couple nights ago for several
nights in a row
I was actually having dialogues with
myself that were about Chinese
vocabulary Chinese characters so in
Chinese you have to memorize the brush
strokes not just the letter because I
knew every dream I think there was a
sense of I might as well try use this
time productively because you can wake
yourself up if you don't think about
something while you're dreaming and
you're the kind of person to us as lucid
dreams so that haven't been said I just
had a dialogue with myself while it was
asleep I was having a nap in the middle
of the day where I made quite an
unexpected observation send the dream I
asked myself why don't you go to the
dentist why don't you make an
appointment like today to see a dentist
tomorrow and before you leave Canada
before we go to Taiwan and in the dream
I replied it was actually quite angry it
was quite pissed off how could you
possibly you know ask me to do that at a
time with this or why would I or to
waste my time with that now kind of
thing and I pointed out to myself you're
pissed off because you can't see your
daughter
you don't realize it you don't realize
because you're not pissed off and
anybody put with little things like this
you're pissed off all the time and
you've been dealing with it for so many
years that it's become part of the
background noise of your life and you
don't even realize you're pissed off
anymore you know you're angry all the
time because you can't seem tougher and
I'm crying now but I didn't cry at the
time you know I woke up think about it
again you can choose to wake up if you
feel lucid dreamer and I thought you
know wow that's a that's a really
interesting observation because you know
I I just read the court documents for
the separation prior to the divorce the
divorce is an ongoing legal process and
I'd never had them translated into
English before they were in French I did
read them in French but you lose a lot
of the nuance and your for me at my
level of ability and French you're
mostly just struggling to understand
what's written on the lines you're not
reading between the lines and they're
very emotionally written documents not
my emotion like the judge isn't writing
in a very neutral factual tone of voice
joy the judge is expressing that he or
she is kind of contemptuous at both
myself and my ex-wife at different
points and I didn't catch that like when
I was reading it in French it was hard
for me to get that that's kind of sense
of nuance and of what the perspective of
the court was even though I did
understand like factually what the
documents were saying in French I
understood it more so whole I understood
it better waiting anyway
but you know I don't know if Melissa was
a little bit surprised by this or the
couple of other people I talked to about
it were surprised by this when I want to
set it but the main effect the the
documents had me was that I understood
the court's point of view look I
understood the judges point of view
better than before and I wasn't pissed
off I wasn't mad every so often people
say to me it's Mohammed to the Samia
private message like oh you must be
furious
at the courts you must feel this is
unfair or you must feel this is biased
against you because you're a man like
gender bias movement and really
sincerely like I reply to people like no
I don't feel that way at all and when
you see what's wrong with the system you
know from my current perspective like
there must be literally 1 million people
per year who are hurt by the system much
worse than I am the different different
features of in terms of what's wrong
with it the fact the fact that my
ex-wife was able to get away with
flagrantly manipulating the system like
how many people are damaged by by that
kind of thing hurt or dishonest you know
used to the system the fact that she was
able to carry on court proceedings in my
absence without informing me that they
were gonna happen
just but if I she was in touch to me we
had constant email going back and forth
during that time and that then there was
just this little one sentence
recognition like oh there seemed to be
something improper with the procedure
for him informing the other person then
they proceed anyway but nevertheless
let's pursue whoa I thought I had the
legal right to have a lawyer present or
to be President myself I thought I had a
legal right to be informed this was
happening before I have my rights taken
away from me before I have the right to
see my daughter taken away from you in
court in law whoa when you've got one
sentence they're saying oh it seems like
there was something improper with
informing or serving paper the other guy
but nevertheless you are but the thing
is even if I'm aware of that happened
well how many people like again maybe
it's a million people have been damaged
worse than us and then that after the
fact once that's known in proven that
there are no legal consequences for my
ex-wife that it's cooled her
it's trained her in acting with impunity
contrary to the right of the law and
that's that's what she's doing now so to
my knowledge my ex-wife now is refusing
to let me speak to my daughter is
refusing to let me see my daughter
outright and that's in a circumstance
where we we have already a court order
that gives me custody for 15 days at one
time of the year and seven days at the
time
the details are boring but you know even
when I'm literally reading the court
documents from the judge I actually
don't feel pissed off at the judge
I don't feel pissed off of the system I
don't feel self-pitying in that way that
it's unfair for me or that it's more
unfair to me than it is for other people
put it that way I kind of feel like I'm
getting the same deal everyone else gets
in this is omits a bad deal and it's a
bad system but you know I don't feel
raised that way I don't feel angry
towards the lawyers I've had in the past
even though they've done a really bad
job there are a lot of people I could
feel anger towards that was a really
interesting observation that came out of
my own lucid dream and it's it's dead-on
that's true I live my life with this
strange sense of being harried all the
time that I'm too busy how could I
possibly care about that how and I
haven't I haven't seen a dentist you
know nothing wrong with my teeth but
still you know every few years or
something most people that it's
inconceivable to me to make an
appointment to see the dentist and and
the reason why is that I've got this
anger and sorrow that I'm carrying all
the time because of separation from my
daughter